add more context on tenants and organizations (#2608)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/tutorials/observability/multi-tenancy/creating-grafana-organization/_index.md

If multiple teams access the observability platform, you should take advantage of multi-tenancy to isolate data and dashboards. The observability platform lets you create new organizations in self-service for this use case.

## Understanding tenants and organizations

Before creating your organization, it's important to understand the relationship between **tenants**, **organizations**, and **RBAC groups**:

- **Tenant**: A logical namespace that isolates observability data (metrics, logs) in the backend storage systems (Mimir and Loki). When applications send data or telemetry agents collect data, they include a tenant label that determines which data partition the information goes to.

- **Grafana Organization**: A Grafana construct that groups users and provides access to specific datasources and dashboards. Each organization acts as a separate workspace within Grafana.

- **RBAC Groups**: Identity provider groups (like those from your company's Active Directory or OAuth provider) that define user permissions and roles.

### How they work together

The data flow works as follows:

> 1. **Data Collection**: Your clusters collect metrics and logs through applications and telemetry agents. These agents then send data to backend systems (Mimir, Loki) with a specific tenant identifier
> 1. **Organization Mapping**: Grafana organizations are configured to access specific tenants
> 1. **User Access**: RBAC groups from your identity provider are mapped to organization roles (Admin, Editor, Viewer)

Reviewer: fix markdownlint :shrug: 
```suggestion
1. **Data Collection**: Your clusters collect metrics and logs through applications and telemetry agents. These agents then send data to backend systems (Mimir, Loki) with a specific tenant identifier
2. **Organization Mapping**: Grafana organizations are configured to access specific tenants
3. **User Access**: RBAC groups from your identity provider are mapped to organization roles (Admin, Editor, Viewer)
```

> This architecture allows you to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This architecture does:
```

- Isolate data between different teams or environments
 - Control who can view, edit, or manage specific datasets

>  - Share data across multiple organizations when needed

Author: ```suggestion
- Share data across multiple organizations when needed
```

## Understanding tenants and organizations

Before creating your organization, it's important to understand the relationship between **tenants**, **organizations**, and **RBAC groups**:

- **Tenant**: A logical namespace that isolates observability data (metrics, logs) in the backend storage systems (Mimir and Loki). When applications send data or telemetry agents collect data, they include a tenant label that determines which data partition the information goes to.

- **Grafana Organization**: A Grafana construct that groups users and provides access to specific datasources and dashboards. Each organization acts as a separate workspace within Grafana.

- **RBAC Groups**: Identity provider groups (like those from your company's Active Directory or OAuth provider) that define user permissions and roles.

### How they work together

The data flow works as follows:

1. **Data Collection**: Your clusters collect metrics and logs through applications and telemetry agents. These agents then send data to backend systems (Mimir, Loki) with a specific tenant identifier

> 2. **Organization Mapping**: Grafana organizations are configured to access specific tenants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Organization Mapping**: Grafana organizations provide access specific tenants
```

> 3. **User Access**: RBAC groups from your identity provider grant users grafana roles (Admin, Editor, Viewer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **User Access**: RBAC groups from your identity provider grant users Grafana roles (Admin, Editor, Viewer)
```

> 3. **User Access**: RBAC groups from your identity provider are mapped to organization roles (Admin, Editor, Viewer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **User Access**: RBAC groups from your identity provider grant users grafana roles (Admin, Editor, Viewer)
```

  - myonlineshop
```

This configuration creates:

- **Grafana Organization**: A new organization named "MyOnlineShop" in Grafana

> - **Data Access**: Access to observability data tagged with the `myonlineshop` tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data Access**: Access to observability data stored within the `myonlineshop` tenant
```
